Sysdig Secure Source (c2c Collector) (#5037)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/index.md

        <p>Learn to receive WSS Access logs from the Symantec WSS API.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div className="box smallbox card">
        <div className="container">
        <a href="/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/sysdig-secure-source"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/misc/sysdig-logo.png')} alt="icon" width="100"/><h4>Sysdig Secure</h4></a>

>         <p>Collect the complete scan results produced by the scanner from Sysdig API.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>Collect the scan results from the scanner using the Sysdig API.</p>
```
